===> Format of myself
===> Introduce yourself.

1. What is Your Name?
Ans. My name is Priyanka Khatri.

2. What is your Location?
Ans. I am from Palanpur and currently living in Ahemadabad.

3. Tell me about your Education Qualification.
Ans.Currently I am persuing my Python backend course from Tops Technologies Ahemadabad. I had done my B.E. in Computer Engineering from Gokul Global University. 

4. What is your Hobbies?
Ans. I enjoy listening to music in my leisure time.

5. Tell about your SWOT.
Ans. I am a morning person. I can manage my time. I am very punctual in my life. I always welcome new opptunities to be best of myself.

6. Tell me about your Belief Systems.
Ans. I belive in our Karmas and God.

7. Why do you want to work with this organization?
Ans. Company Reserch

8. Tell us what you know about our organization?
Ans. Company Reserch

9. Do you have any idea about our biggest compititors?
Ans. Company Reserch

10. What motivates you for doing a good job?
Ans. Hardwork and Persistance , New roles and learning new skills , Continuously improving and devloping skills ,Responsibility for important deadlines , Values ===> Teamwork, Collaboration and Open-communication .

11. What is an ideal job for you?
Ans. Working for a company that respects its workforce is an ideal job for me.

12. What is the differance between a Group and a Team?
Ans. Members are independent in a Group. 
     Members are interdependent in a Team.

13. Are you a team player?
Ans. Yes, I am a team player. I grow successfully when I can collborate with others.

14. Are you good at handle pressure and deadlines?
Ans. I work well under pressure beacause I use the pressure to help me work more effectively.

15. When can you start?
Ans. I can be available to start as soon as the beginning of the next work week.

16. How flexible are you regarding overtime?
Ans. I am open to working overtime when the job demands it and I am confident the I can manage my time effectively to ensure tasks are completed promptly.

17. Are willing to collborate for work?
Ans. Yes, I am open to relocating for the right opprtunities.

18. Why do you think you are right candidate for this job?
Ans. I think I am right candidate for this job beacause I possess all the skills and experience that you're looking for.   

19. How can you be an asset to this organization?
Ans. Well, I can be an asset to this organization by using my valuable qualities. Such as , I am a hardworker and protective person.

20. What is your salary expections?
Ans. My salary expectations are according to as per your standerds.

21. How long do you planned to remain with this organization?
Ans. I can atively continuous contributions to its success.

22. What is your objective in life?
Ans. My objective is eagerness to learn and grow in my life.

23. Would like to complete your masters or studies in your future?
Ans. No, I will not like to complete my masters or studies in my future.

24. How have you planned to achived your carrer goals?
Ans. Researching how to get our target, basic framework of creating a goal and review the structure of a smart goal.

25. Can you tell us about your biggest achivement in your life?
Ans. My biggest achivement in my life is coming to Ahemadabad to learn the Python backend course by staying here.

26. What was challenging dicision you have ever main?
Ans. After compliting my 12th , I was choose a carrer in B.E. and I do not have any idea on this field. It was most challenging dicision I have ever main in my life.

27. What kind of work environment do you preffered to work in?
Ans. I preffer working in a group where team members can encourage each other and share their ideas.

28. What is the differance between Smartwork and Hardwork?
Ans. Harkwork and Smartwork are both ways for compliting an assignment. 
     Hardwork means significant amount of time to accomplish tasks. 
     Smartwork means focuses in completing essential tasks.

29. What will you do if you don't hire in the organization?
Ans. If I am not hiring right now , I can prepare for the future by filling my talent pipeline with qualified candidates.

30. Tell us three things that are most important for you in a job ?
Ans. Work environment , work ethic and sufficient time that three things most important for me in a job.

31. Who is your role model and What have learned from him or her?
Ans. My role modal is my brother and he told me must remain calm and be positive.

32. In case of a disagreement how do you handle the situation?
Ans. In this case I will try to identify the cause of disagreement. Then, by analyzing both the cases and as per my understanding I would convey to opponent to agree.

33. What is differance between confidance and over-confidance?
Ans. Confidance means positive attitude. For example, Exam. 
     Over-confidance means expressively confident. For example, Interview.

34. If you have more than enough money in hand right now. Would you still want to work?
Ans. Yes, ofcourse I will still want to work because I want to stay productive person.

35. Do you have any question for us?
Ans. Yes, mam/sir I have a question. what would be my roles and responsiblities if I get hired ?